[TW-427] Add info on GitHub token scanner integration (#3984)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/api-security/token-scanner.md

You can view your team's configured [default](#default-alerts) and [custom](#custom-alerts) alerts in your [data security dashboard](https://go.postman.co/settings/team/token-scanner). Select **Team** in the upper-right > **Team Settings**. Then, select **Data security** on the left, and select **Token scanner**.

<img alt="Data security dashboard" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/data-security-dashboard.jpg"/>

## Protecting Postman API keys in GitHub

> Postman also works with GitHub to ensure that your Postman API keys are kept secure. In the event you commit a valid Postman API key to a public GitHub repository, Postman will notify you immediately via email to delete the compromised API key in your [API keys dashboard](https://go.postman.co/settings/me/api-keys). You can then [generate a new API key](/docs/developer/intro-api/#generating-a-postman-api-key) to continue working with the Postman API.

Reviewer: @claireriley we have recently added support for in-app and Slack notifications, could we mention that as well?

Reviewer: @claireriley could we break this sentence into two lines? 

"In the event you commit a valid Postman API key to a public GitHub repository, Postman will notify you immediately via email to delete the compromised API key in your [API keys dashboard](https://go.postman.co/settings/me/api-keys)."

"In the event you commit a valid Postman API key to a public GitHub repository, Postman will notify you as soon as possible via email, Slack, or in-app notification. We recommend that you delete the compromised API key in your [API keys dashboard](https://go.postman.co/settings/me/api-keys)."

cc suhas

Reviewer 2: Vale's Postman.TooWordy is probably going to flag "In the event you commit..." - you can shorten that to "If you commit..."

> Postman also works with GitHub to ensure that your Postman API keys are kept secure. In the event you commit a valid Postman API key to a public GitHub repository, Postman will notify you immediately via email to delete the compromised API key in your [API keys dashboard](https://go.postman.co/settings/me/api-keys). You can then [generate a new API key](/docs/developer/intro-api/#generating-a-postman-api-key) to continue working with the Postman API.

Reviewer: @claireriley could we maybe break the sentence 

"In the event you commit a valid Postman API key to a public GitHub repository, Postman will notify you immediately via email"

> > For more information, see [GitHub secret scanning](https://help.github.com/en/github/administering-a-repository/about-token-scanning).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> For more information, see [About secret scanning](https://help.github.com/en/github/administering-a-repository/about-token-scanning) in the GitHub documentation.
```

Maybe something like this to indicate to readers that the link is to the GH docs rather than to another Learning Center page?

> > For more information, see [About secret scanning](https://help.github.com/en/github/administering-a-repository/about-token-scanning) in the GitHub documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> For more information, see [About secret scanning](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/secret-scanning/about-secret-scanning/) in the GitHub documentation.
```

Reviewer 2: (The old link is now a redirect on their site to the suggested text link.)
